just the shopping kitty just good guys
good night night
I just want the face we talk about
paulo capital
good night good night go a turtleneck
night here
france is going to enter the building hámori
It's flashing team to havana, let's see.
OK
we will pass that the conglomerate of
to see if there are any
activity
we are here in the neighborhood of the bar funda
where it has become popular with
very cool ballads , I 'm sorry to
absence of videos
it's looking like that will change from
pink
so it 's only joy that I do not talk about the flu
Good night, good night, what are you doing with flights?
let's go
to visit the Christmas ornaments this
as we usually do
years because they are things that
people out there believed him
that the several dead on the side already have
smoked
in society and in the reality of the thing I
I can not watch the videos.
sorry dose
excuse cough
do not even watch the videos
how much more do other people
belittling or anything but seeing the
machu picchu
OK
here in africa the big fight outside
to see the source of the parquet victory
filming the troop that is the corridor
friend
some are already accustomed that it is new
channel
here we are seeing the link north
south of the city we are here I do not know
note show because because it's new in note
goes to the rains are the center already
we are under the minho is an avenue
high above here
that has no headlight
ae
i
but not only to catch the shows the headlights
the greens
the traffic already flows much better and cry
yunnan almost ten o'clock if I'm not mistaken
birthday day forgets to forget
mode
now we really entered the hallway
North South
ae
Dr.
the date of the beloved
with the strong virose woman who motorcycle is
That
click here
OK
the parent will will not be bronze
the floor area
already at the mall they had sex and christmas rafa
chicago admitted
if you get nervous
nobody
the Spanish
O
Here we go, we have to turn off and on the
equipment will catch the reduced
again for everyone has
opportunity to see the effects here in the
ibirapuera beauty beauty then he went
until the next video